This directory contains all files needed to build the ACS Architecture
document.
All previous versions have been imported in CVS on 2003-12-29 by
G.Chiozzi.

ATTENTION:
  - If HTML files or the Ration Rose model have been updated, run
    'make' in this directory.
  - The ACSArchitecturexx.doc files need to be updated BY HAND
    opening it, selecting everything and pressing F9
    I will have to search sometime for an automatic way to do it.
  - The Makefiles and scripts make some assumptions about 
    directories and command names.
    If something goes wrong look inside for details.

Document main files:
-------------------

ACSArchitecture.doc
   This is the main document and the one to be actually edited
   It contains links to all sub components (mainly HTML files)
  
ACSArchitectureNoNumber.doc
   This is a "reading friendly" copy of the previous document where
   only headings 1 to 3 have numbering.
   Numbering is useful for requirement tracking, but
   confuses readers.
  
ACSArchitectureNL.doc
   This is generated from ACSArchitecture.doc
   by breaking all links, to have a version that can be given around
   without distributing the HTML sub components.
   Remember that breaking the links is two steps:
   - first brake all links for HTML files
   - then brake all links to brake links to images
     embedded in the html file.
     Remember to tic "save pictures in document" in this step


UML Directory:
-------------
This directory contains the UML model for ACS.
It is important after check out and after changes to 
export the model as html.

Project Directory:
-----------------
This directory contains all HTML files that
are used to compose the Document.doc document and that
make the HTML version of this Architecture document
(plus the contents of the Help directory).
The sub-directory Project/Images contains all pictures
used inside the HTML files.
Most of the files in this directory are diagrams
generated from the Rose UML model.
Just a few diagrams come from other sources.
After a checkout from CVS make sure that the Rose model 
is exported in HTML and that these files are extracted.

Makefile:
--------
The Makefile is used to generate in batch from the Rose Model
the HTML export and all diagrams used in the HTML files.
To use it:
- Go on a windows Machine with Rose and cygwin
- Go to this directory with a bash shell
- Run:
     make all
  This will first try to generate the HTML of the Rose model
  using the Rose Web Publisher
  Then will extract all diagrams into Project/Images.

